[Doc] Explanation about the importance of using dynamic import when using RA and Next.js (#9131)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/NextJs.md

React-admin supports both ways. 

> ## Prevent SSR

Reviewer: It doesn't make sense to put this paragraph before the call to the nextjs CLI

React-admin is designed as a Single-Page Application, rendered on the client-side. It comes with its own routing sytem, which conflicts with the Next.js routing system. So we must prevent Next.js from rendering the react-admin component on the server-side. 

To do that, we will have to create a component to bootstrap the `<Admin>` application, and import it in Next.js by using the [__lazy loading__ system provided by Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/lazy-loading) and specify the [`ssr` option to false](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/lazy-loading#with-no-ssr). 

> Using dynamic import allows disabling Server-Side Rendering for the `<Admin>` component.

Reviewer: You're saying the same in this sentence as in the previous sentence. Or am I missing something?

The following code demonstrate how we will do this further in this tutorial.

Creating the `<Admin>` application as usual to bootstrap it: 
```tsx

> // in src/App.jsx or elsewhere, depending of Next.js Router system (Pages router or App router)

Reviewer: Could you be more specific?

> import * as React from "react";

Reviewer: Is the React import required in Next? It's not in Vite I think. And if it is, you probably need to add it to the app/pages.tsx, too

import { Admin, Resource, ListGuesser, EditGuesser } from 'react-admin';
import jsonServerProvider from 'ra-data-json-server';

const dataProvider = jsonServerProvider('https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com');

const App = () => (
  <Admin dataProvider={dataProvider}>
    <Resource name="users" list={ListGuesser} edit={EditGuesser} recordRepresentation="name" />
    <Resource name="posts" list={ListGuesser} edit={EditGuesser} recordRepresentation="title" />
    <Resource name="comments" list={ListGuesser} edit={EditGuesser} />
  </Admin>
);

export default App;
```
Import the Admin application in Next.js:

> ```tsx

Reviewer 2: Would be better to add some space between the paragraphs. You may want to configure Prettier to also format your markdown files.

> // in app/page.tsx or elsewhere, depending of Next.js Router system (Pages router or App router)

Reviewer: Could you be more specific?

### Creating the Admin App Component

> Next, create a `app/Admin.tsx` file with the following code, which initializes the react-admin app:

Reviewer 2: `app/Admin.tsx` or `app/App.tsx`?

export default App;
```

> Before you go further, you need to specify to NextJS to not use Server Side Rendering (SSR) for this component, otherwise, NextJS output will display an error. You can do that as we explain at the beginning of this tutorial. So replace the content of `app/page.tsx` with this :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, as explained earlier, you need to configure NextJS not to use Server Side Rendering (SSR) for this component. To do so, you can replace the content of `app/page.tsx` with the following code:
```
